Artifacts in the UX process:

User personas
A user persona is a model or character that portrays a possible user of your website or app. Personas aid the design team in focusing on the end users while designing a product. Personas have been used in marketing since the middle of the 1990s. They are essential to the software development process's user experience research stage. Personas help a product team constantly focus on their target users, ensuring that the designed product fits their needs and requirements. 
Multiple user types can engage with a website or app. Developing user personas helps determine the range of users, their age group, sociometric position etc. User research is the first step in creating a user persona. UX designers can understand users' behavior and motivations by observing them and designing accordingly. A few user research methods are conducting customer interviews, making assumptions, and using web analytics, all of which are described in the next section. 

Conducting customer interviews
Interview at least five people. After conducting several interviews, you'll notice that you're getting very little or no new information. That means you don't need to interview any more users. Also, make use of whatever information you already have. You may have some thoughts on your customers. Whether you have previously conducted research or you know something for sure. 

Making assumptions
If you've been working on a product for quite some time. You may have enough information to make reasonably accurate assumptions about your customers. Just make sure to back them up later with research.

Using web analytics
Web analytics tools are an excellent resource for quantitative data, so make the best of them. They can tell you how your customers behave but not why. You'll still need to talk to them to find out what motivates them. 

Creating a customer persona group
Once your research is complete, you divide the information into customer persona groups which will then be consolidated into single-user personas, concentrating on the primary needs of the most important user group and one significant pain point.

Example of the Tilly persona
First, add a header to your persona; this includes a fictional name, an image, a demographic profile and a quote that summarizes what matters most to your persona. These features ensure your persona is memorable and helps the design team focus on whom they're designing for. Add a personal background, a mini-biography of sorts. Then you create a psychological profile such as the user's needs, interests, motivations, and pain points. 
This allows you to understand better why your user behaves in a certain way, including why they need or want to use your product. For Tilly, in the above example, it would be for expediency. When creating user personas, remember to focus on the context of the product you're designing while you want to build up a realistic character. There's no need to include pointless details that won't influence the final design. 

User stories
A user story is a brief statement or abstract that describes the user and their need or goal. It establishes who the user is, what they require, and why they require it. Each user persona typically has one user story. User stories usually adhere to a straightforward template:
As a (type of user), I want (a goal) for (some reason). 
Type of user: This is the end-user or the user's role in the application software. For example: "As an online banking customer."
 A goal: This is the action taken by the user on the application software. For example: "I want to add a payee to my account." 
 Some reason: - The outcome or desired value the user expects from the action performed. For example: "so that I can transfer money to the payee."

 In this example, the user story is:
 "As an online banking customer, I want to add a payee to my account, so I can transfer money to the payee."

User stories assist in documenting helpful information about users, such as the various needs and motivations for using a website or app. They also help the development team estimate the timeline required to deliver the final product. 

Scenarios
A scenario is a situation that depicts how users interact with your website or app. Scenarios describe the user's motivations for being there (their task or goal) and a question they need to be answered. They also suggest possible ways to achieve these goals. Scenarios are essentially an extension of the user story and can be applied to various target users. However, they can also be divided into use cases, which describe the sequence of tasks that any given user performs in a provided functionality or path. 
For example, a scenario could describe how the user transfers money to a payee using a mobile device on his way to work. Scenarios help stakeholders visualize the design team's ideas by providing context for the intended user experience — frequently bridging communication gaps between creative and business thinking. Scenarios aid the design team in imagining the ideal solution to a user's problem. 
Scenario mapping is the first step in scenario planning. The design team, developers, and product owners gather to discuss ideas and design a plan centered on their user personas. They think about the critical task that the user hopes to achieve after defining the primary user through persona development. The following step is to conduct a scenario analysis, contextualize the user's goals and walk through the steps the user would take. 

Storyboards
A storyboard is a visual representation of how a user will interact with a product. Designers can create different storyboards: sketches, illustrations and screenshots, slideshows and animations, or live demos. Here's a sketched storyboard example: 

Example of the Little Lemon sketched storyboard
Storyboarding is an excellent method for visually communicating design concepts to teams, stakeholders, and end users. Visualizing a design idea with an interactive storyboard, like high-fidelity prototypes closely resembling the final product, will help the audience remember, empathize, and connect with it. 

How to create a storyboard
To create a storyboard, set the scene by defining:
your persona, 
the environment (where the persona is) and 
the plot (what they want to achieve). 
Then you begin to sketch out the basic idea for each scene and build it up with as many interactions as you want. 

Summary
In this reading, you learned that the first step in designing for your users is to conduct user research, typically through user interviews, observations and other quantitative methods. You focused on empathy tools as artifacts in the UX process and how they are used. You specifically learned about user personas, scenarios, user stories, and storyboards. Remember that with each of these tools, it is essential to document the data you gather so you can use it as you create your artifacts in the UX process. It will also serve to back up your decision-making. Utilizing user personas, user stories, scenarios, and storyboards will assist you in identifying essential information about your users. They will help you create products that will delight them time and again. Everything you do to get closer to the user is a positive step towards a usable and enjoyable product.

 UX is a very process driven discipline
 The five stages of the UX process are empathize, define ideate prototype and test. It is important to keep in mind that UX is an iterative process 
empathize: You get permission to interview and observe Adrian's customers at various stages of trying to complete tasks on the restaurant website like ordering a meal for delivery. You want to listen to their frustrations. The key here is to understand your user's needs. From the results of this research, you can create a persona that you can then reference throughout the design process. You will also create an empathy, map a scenario and journey map to empathize more with this persona. This will also keep your ideas grounded so to avoid making assumptions.
define:The second stage in the process you will follow is the defined stage. You collate and distill all of the information collected from your users and identify the key problems and needs that they are having. You also prioritize these frustrations or pain points by importance. You now know who your users are, what their frustrations are and what problems you need to solve. You will create a user needs statement that clearly outlines the needs your users have. Once you know the issues and who you're solving for, you can ideate.
ideate: Ideating is about generating ideas. You can do this by sketching, brainstorming, mind mapping and even handwriting notes. The key here is to keep an open mind and not commit to one specific idea and this may be iterated throughout the design process. To iterate is to reflect on your work and refine and improve your design. You will sketch out your ideas into something that will address the little lemon customers needs. You will then develop them into wire frames. A wire frame is a two dimensional representation of the user interface which is concerned with the placement and hierarchy of content the functionalities that are offered. And the expected actions that users will take. 
prototype:which is a simulation of the final product. You have iterated and refined your ideas into a fresh new solution but you cannot assume it will work for everyone and release it just yet. You should simulate how it will behave first with a prototype, take your wire frame and flesh it out. Give it some color, put in some buttons and text and make it interactive. You can simulate a real scenario for your customers to help them achieve their required goals. Since UX is an iterative process based on user and client feedback, you may also have to iterate at this stage. So your ideas are constantly being refined into something approaching a final design solution. 
test:the testing stages where you present your solution to users and get their feedback. You create a test script with some clear instructions focusing on achieving a task or tasks. Your test participants, customers in this case, interact with your prototype while trying to achieve the task at hand. Any frustrations can be communicated and highlighted at this stage and you can go back and address them before the next stage of the process. 

build:The final stages, the build stage, you have listened to users empathize with them and aim to solve their needs through iterative design techniques. You've watched them use your product and have tweeted to make it easier and more intuitive. Now it's time to build, ensuring you follow these steps can help ensure you are going to build a product that addresses the needs of your users and offers a great user experience. 

UX
An explanation of UX design
https://maze.co/collections/ux-ui-design/what-is-ux/

The UX design process 
https://xd.adobe.com/ideas/guides/ux-design-process-steps/

User Research
An article on why user research forms a critical part of the design process
https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/user-research

Nielsen Norman Group’s list of user research tips 
https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ux-research-cheat-sheet/

Personas
Articles and video guide to creating personas
https://uxpressia.com/blog/how-to-create-persona-guide-examples

Articles guide to creating personas
https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2019/09/crafting-winning-personas.php

User stories
How to write user stories
https://uxbooth.com/articles/user-stories-a-foundation-for-ui-design/

The difference between user stories and use cases 
https://uxmag.com/articles/user-stories-vs-use-cases-how-they-stack-up

Scenarios
Why you need scenarios
https://uxplanet.org/everyone-needs-scenarios-51ae92651b64

Two part article which offers a firm understanding of the concept of Scenarios (Part 1)
https://www.uxforthemasses.com/scenarios-part-one/

Two part article which offers a firm understanding of the concept of Scenarios (Part 2) 
https://www.uxforthemasses.com/scenarios-part-two/

Storyboarding
Storyboards in website design
https://www.studiobinder.com/blog/storyboard-website-design/

